today I'm going to show you one of the
ways I make shepherd's pie so a little
bit of oil not too much got a nice hot
pan there now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to put about 500 grams of so
it's gonna be this one I've been cooking
this for just about just over 2 minutes
now and what we can do is just if you
need to thicken up a little bit just
have a little bit of flour in there like
so a little spoonful of that it just mix
that all around and it would just help
starting to thicken up so you've got a
nice thick sauce ok the next stage put
the onion in because it's been grated
obviously it's not going to take that
long to cook and we've got the garlic in
just sort of mix that around and again
do the same with the Terra
see what a good selection of things it I
mean obviously you can add things to say
something you can add some peas in
whatever you like so we get that within
there
give that a stir stir it up and cooking
for nearly a minute just put a bit of
you see our Worcester sauce leave
parents or voiceless also put a good
splash at aim and also want a bit of
tomato puree so again we're just put a
splodge of that give that a quick stir
and you can always have it to taste I
might just put a little bit more Puri in
there see another good sport that had a
bit of red wine don't go overboard and
give that a good stir up now I'm also at
this stage gonna add a bit of Rose
Morean some time I've already got it
sort of chops up they're quite fine so
just gonna sprinkle that on gives it a
nice flavor we don't need to cook this
very long probably at the stage where
really we can add a little bit of
chicken stock just trying to make sure
the red wines mixed in and there's no
liquid sort of there red wine just get
it all day you see it's looking a really
good colour though I'm just gonna add a
little bit of chicken stock I mean you
can use lamb stock if you want but I'm
just gonna use a bit of chicken stock I
think it gives it a nice flavor just
gonna stir that really on the low low
heat I would say now for about a minute
and just try and get that to thicken up
nicely now we've got to start doing the
mashed potato so that's gonna be my next
stage so I just leave that cooking there
and for about a minute and we're
probably ready to go before I had them
mashed potato into the pan things you
want to try the the baits first and see
what it's like mmm mine's good it's got
all those the rosemary salt coming
through okay back had just a tad more
salt salt and pepper to my one and a
tiny little bit of chicken stock extra I
mean obviously the sauce than that you
can have it as you like if you like it
slightly thicker then do it as I've done
it if you like it a little bit more
runny like a grave you just add a little
bit more chicken stock so that's ready
to go now so we're going to put it into
a little ceramic pot and then we're
going to put the mashed potato on top I
got new potatoes done and these are just
sort of what white potatoes actually
only potato though so we're just going
to make them a plate I'm just cutting it
up so that then I can sort of play some
butter in there try and make it so
really it sticks on the spoon when you
lift the up so it's all mashed up you
put your spoon in there
it sort of hangs hangs there really
that's how you want it you don't want it
too runny otherwise it will just sort of
disappear into the mints and stuff so
I'm going to use the the mashing thing
for that and just mash that up now I've
got me mashed potato ready and you can
see that it pretty much hangs on the
spoon there if you give it but so that's
nice thick mashed potato really so
that's good
now the other little ingredient which
it's up to you whether you add or not
but I mean I I really like it on there
is a bit of Parmesan cheese grated
Parmesan cheese so you can mix that in
with the mash so we'll just give it a
quick stir and the other thing again to
add to this really is a little bit more
salt I can do that to taste and add a
little bit of pepper and then really
we're ready to put the two together so
I'll now show you you know just putting
the two together and we're going to put
it in the oven and it's the cook just
pop the mince in here that's it and then
we're gonna level that out a little bit
and then simply just put the mashed
potato over the top before we do it just
gonna sneak a few peas in it just give
it a bit of colour and the kids like the
peas and stuff so I can get away with
that so I just put the mashed potato on
join spread it over so it sort of seals
itself up really you get it right up to
the edges and push it down so it's
nicely on top got all the mash sorted
out it's sealed up around the edges so
that's nice now what I've got here is a
little bit of grated cheese this is just
normal mature sort of cheddar so you can
just sprinkle some of that on top of
there use a fork just to kind of rough
this up a little bit and it gets some of
the cheese in there as well because all
these little fluffy bits you create
they're the bits that go Brown and give
it the effect so like that and again a
little bit more cheese just a bauble on
top now we're going to put this in the
oven for about 20 minutes I'd say around
about - 20 to 40 degrees so it looks
Brown what you've got to remember it's
all cooked we're just now browning off
the top and
making it look nice the last thing just
to do is just dig it with a fork there
like so and I think it just lets some of
the steam out so it doesn't overflow so
much so pop that like so ready to go in
the oven I'm just gonna pull this out
now I've actually left it a little bit
longer so it's been in there about 20 to
23 minutes and you can see that you've
got a nice sort of browned off top and
let's have a look at it I'll put it on
the table and serve a piece up let's
have a look what's inside okay I've got
the shepherd's pie there I'm just gonna
make a little cut with a knife there to
start with and then what I'm gonna do is
just use a spoon here big spoon and
serve this up I mean this is a that if
you can see that but this is lovely and
moist and you've got a nice sort of
crispy coating on the top there and then
what we can do is serve this up with a
little bit of extra gravy if you want
and maybe a few peas which is what I
think I'll do okay I'm just gonna put a
few peas alongside there like so and
maybe a little bit of gravy just to
finish it off and I might as well as
always do the taste test
I love the rosemary in it you can taste
the time it's a really nice dish